**Privacy Policy**

Sébastien FORAY built the ExactAP for Ingress app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Sébastien FORAY at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service, in case of any use or collection of Personnal Information.

**Information Collection and Use**

No informations of any kind are collected and / or used by this Service.

**Log Data**

No log datas are collected in this Service.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies”.

**Service Providers**

No third-party service providers are used in this Service.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service contain no links to other sites.

**Children’s Privacy**

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-11-25

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at contact@sebastienforay.fr.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
